chore: Managed Netvar documentation (#818)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/advanced-topics/serialization/inetworkserializebymemcpy.md

---
id: inetworkserializebymemcpy
title: INetworkSerializeByMemcpy
sidebar_label: INetworkSerializeByMemcpy
---

> The `INetworkSerializeByMemcpy` interface is used as a sort of "tag" to mark an unmanaged struct type as being serializable over the network by directly copying the whole struct, byte-for-byte, as it appears in memory, into and out of the buffer. This can offer some benefits for performance compared to serializing one field at a time, especially if the struct has many fields in it.

Reviewer: > The `INetworkSerializeByMemcpy` interface is used as a sort of "tag" to mark an unmanaged struct type...
Maybe?
The `INetworkSerializeByMemcpy` interface is used to mark an unmanaged struct type...

Author: I would say not quite. Saying it "marks the type as serializable over the network" would make me think I would need to use that for anything I plan to serialize - but that's not true, as `INetworkSerializable` is also an option, as is custom serialization. It marks a type for a _particular type_ of serialization.

The interface itself has no methods in it; rather, as mentioned, it's simply a tag for the developer to mark a struct as being compatible with this type of serialization.

```csharp
public struct MyStruct : INetworkSerializeByMemcpy
{
    public int A;
    public int B;
    public float C;
    public bool D;
}
```

> If you have a type you wish to serialize that you know is compatible with this method of serialization, but don't have access to modify the struct to add this interface, you can wrap your values in `ForceNetworkSerializeByMemcpy` to enable it to be serialized this way. This works in both `RPC`s and `NetworkVariables`, as well as in other contexts such as `BufferSerializer<>`, `FastBufferReader`, and `FastBufferWriter`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have a type you wish to serialize that you know is compatible with this method of serialization, but don't have access to modify the struct to add this interface, you can wrap your values in `ForceNetworkSerializeByMemcpy` to enable it to be serialized this way. This works in both `RPCs and `NetworkVariables`, as well as in other contexts such as `BufferSerializer<>`, `FastBufferReader`, and `FastBufferWriter`.
```

Author: Same comment again re: backtick vs. apostrophe.

```csharp
public NetworkVariable<ForceNetworkSerializeByMemcpy<Guid>> GuidVar;
```

> :::note

Reviewer: perhaps this should be a 
:::caution
?
